[sound effect playing]
[theme music]
[laughing]
[music playing]
[inaudible] possible straight.
Another duck for
[inaudible] zippo,
and shinola for the dealer.
That's to you Palidin.
Two-bits.
[belching]
Beautiful!
[applause]
Again, again.
Judges, get a
drum or something.
Five.
Thank you.
He's fired from
the communist judge.
OK.
Did I tell you guys
about my cousin Leon?
Eh, how's Leon doing?
He bought these two mail
order brides through a catalog.
- Catalog?
- Yep.
And UPS delivered them right
to his door buck naked.
[laughing]
- Get out out of town.
- Yeah.
They both look like
Michelle Pfeiffer,
except they had
really big heads.
Ooh.
OK.
Who wants to chip in
for Arnie's therapy?
[interposing voices]
Here you go.
OK.
Now, I told you about me dating
that belly dancer, right?
Oh, listen to this.
Listen to this.
His story?
All right.
This chick had
such muscle control
that she could pick up a--
[clearing throat]
Hey, honey.
[interposing voices]
[laughing]
Hey
Can I [inaudible]?
Well, hey, go
knock yourself out.
So what were y'all saying?
Oh Yeah, I, uh--
yeah, you could use a
crosscut saw on that.
But I'd use a hand saw myself,
because it's a lot easier.
I've always held a band saw.
I'm a band saw man.
Well, you know,
I was going to say,
you look like a band saw man.
Hey, you better
use your coasters.
Ha!
Made you look.
[laughing]
Power tools.
You know, that's
their little code
for fallopians approaching.
We don't know what goes on the
minute we're out of that room.
That's right.
Well, you know, they talk
about their first time,
and their last time,
and how many times,
and they multiply it
all by about five,
and then they spit at
each other, and go home.
I don't know why they do that.
I don't know.
We're talking about
the only animal
on earth that would wear black
socks with Bermuda shorts.
Now (SILLY VOICE) we
put on our little ears.
Roseanne, do I
have to do this,
because you needs a
Halloween "tostume."
I don't want to go
to Dan's stupid lodge,
stupid haunted house thing.
- But it's for charity.
- I know.
But it's no fun having
some 60-year-old guy
with a pot belly jumping out
at me saying, ooga-booga.
It was scary when I was eight.
It's even scarier now.
But I want to see you
get out there again.
Look, I just broke up
with Gary, I'm depressed.
I'm tired and miserable.
[gasping]
I look so cute.
(WITCH VOICE) I'll
get you my pretty.
Hey!
You look great.
So scary.
I need a broom.
It's in the kitchen.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey look everybody, DJ's witch.
Woo, woo.
Why don't you fly upstairs
and put on your PJs, huh?
I can't fly without a broom.
Sure you can.
Look.
Whoo!
There you go.
But up in minute, champ.
What?
Two daughters isn't
enough for you.
What are you talking about?
He's dressed like a witch.
Witches are girls.
This is the 90s, Dan.
Witches are women.
I can't let him do this.
He got to pick his own
costume, that's what he chose.
Why couldn't he pick
up something normal,
like a vampire, or
a nice axe murderer?
Like, um, Lizzie Borden?
There's plenty
other ax murderers
in the world, Roseanne.
Oh, yeah, I get it.
You want him to be a manly,
feral, stud of an axe murderer.
There's no little sissy axe
murderer for Dan Conner's boy.
Boys shouldn't
dress up like girls.
Now, Darlene dressed
up like a pirate
for three years in a row.
That was cute.
If he goes out like
this, he's going to come
home with a bloody nose.
That is stupid.
I've got to get back in there.
Would you please talk to him.
DJ!
Instead of a witch, you want
to dress up like Madonna?
I did my best.
[laughing]
[music playing]
Yeah.
Hi, Mom.
Yeah?
Well, so how long
you going to be?
[laughing]
OK.
Yeah.
I'll tell him.
OK.
Bye.
Dad!
Mom's still at work.
She says she and Aunt
Jackie will meet us there.
OK.
I'll be right out.
Darlene, you're
not even ready.
We're going to be
leaving any minute.
I don't feel so good.
Well, what's wrong?
It's my stomach.
Oh!
Oh my god!
[screaming]
[crying]
So what do you want?
Some Pepto Bismol, or something?
[laughing]
OK.
Let's get going.
Where's DJ?
We'll get him.
You don't look
half bad, toot.s
Thank you.
Listen, I was supposed to remind
you to bring the brownies.
You hear that lamebrain,
you forgot the brownies.
Boink.
Ow.
Hey, leave him alone.
Wise guy, eh?
Yeah.
Woo, woo, woo,
woo, woo, woo, woo!
All right, knock it off.
[imitating smacking]
[laughing]
I'll get the brownies.
[high pitched humming]
Hey, hey, hey.
What's this?
It's DJ.
Uh, yeah, I
thought you changed
your mind about being a witch.
No.
Well, look, I've
been thinking,
you know, the costume's
great and everything.
Why not just say
you're a warlock.
What's a warlock?
It's a guy witch.
- OK.
- Yeah.
So let's get rid
of the broom here.
Why?
Warlocks don't have brooms.
Well, then I
want to be a witch.
No, no, no you don't, DJ.
You see, witches are girls.
Warlocks are guys.
They can do anything
a witch can do.
They can turn people into frogs.
They make thunder and lightning.
They can grant wishes.
(EVIL VOICE) That's
a fairy godmother.
Rawr.
You're not helping.
OK.
Look, uh-- Oh!
Hey!
Look!
[gasping]
It's a magic wand.
You take this and tell
people you're a wizard.
I don't want it.
I don't want anything.
All right.
Let's go.
[banging]
[laughing]
Spread out! (FUNNY
VOICE) Certainly!
[high pitched humming]
[music playing]
Come on, Roseanne.
It's freezing outside.
ROSEANNE: No.
I'm not going in there
dressed like this.
Roseanne, you're
being ridiculous.
Well, you took off
your nose and your ears.
Well, you take
off your costume.
No, I'll never get it back on.
Just get in here.
You look adorable.
You really think so?
Get in here.
[laughing]
Oh.
I left my purse in the car.
No!
Look, you call Dan, and
we-- we can get out of here.
I feel like I'm
having one of them
dreams where you go
to school and you're
only wearing your underwear.
Roseanne, come
on, it's Halloween.
What's the big deal?
Because I'm the only
person in here in a costume.
Hello?
Who is this?
Eddy?
Oh, Arnie.
Listen, is Dan around?
Well, could you go
find him and tell him
that the car broke
down on me and Jackie
are stuck here at The Low Boy?
He has to come and pick us up.
And tell him to hurry it up.
Trick or treat to
you too, Arnie.
This is going to be a while.
We should wait in the car.
No.
It's freezing outside.
Come on.
I'll buy-- buy you a drink.
[sighing]
OK.
Little help?
Yeah, what can I get
for you sweetheart.
- I'll have a white wine.
- OK.
What about you, fella?
Come on, pal.
I'm busy here.
What are you drinking?
Uh, give me a beer.
[laughing]
[music playing]
Roseanne, don't do this.
You're just going to
embarrass both of us.
Call me Bob.
White wine for the lady,
and a beer for you, pal.
So how's the action in here.
Action?
Chicks.
I--I don't know, fella.
It's Tuesday night.
Ladies bowling league
comes in at ten.
10 o'clock, huh?
Good thing I brought my
little squeezebox with me.
Oh, oh, you're such a pig.
Yeah, but that's why you
like me, right, honey bun?
That'll be $4.
Pay the man, doll.
Well, why should I pay?
You're the man, you pay.
You know I left
my purse in the car.
Oh, all right, I'll
pay for you again.
I don't know why I always am
attracted to these losers.
Gee.
It must be her
time of the month.
Now I know why you're single.
You're such a lousy date.
Look, Bob, I'm going
to go call Dan again.
Fine.
I'm going to mingle.
No.
Don't.
You're not serious.
Listen, me and the guys,
we're going to hang out.
You got a problem
with that, babe?
[laughing]
Excuse me, you know,
you could do much better.
I don't see you
here with anybody.
You're kidding me.
Honest to god.
This broad was so hot I thought
she was going to kill me.
Oh, man.
Yeah.
Bada bing, bada boom.
[laughing]
So then she brings out this
suitcase full of sex toys.
And I'm thinking,
this broad is freaky.
Oh, yeah.
As long s you're getting
your battery charged,
what's the damn difference?
[laughing]
Yeah, I mean, while you're
getting your car washed,
you might as well get
the hot wax, right?
Yeah.
[laughing]
Only thing I want
to know, is what
does she want with
you when she's got
a suitcase full of sex toys.
That supposed to be a joke?
OK.
Oh.
Well, anyway, we were
going pretty good.
And I was catching my groove,
doing what makes me me.
And then her roommate walks
in and says, can I join you?
[laughing]
Yeah, right.
I mean, way to go.
So then her roommate
takes off all her clothes,
and I got both of
them to deal with.
Hey, hold on a second.
Hold on now.
Let me ask you this
question, all right?
Yeah.
What?
Are you making this
stuff up as you go along?
You calling me a liar.
No.
Bada boom, bada bing.
You know, I mean, long as
you're getting your cue chocked,
it don't matter
what ball you hit.
OK.
Well, then just keep
an eye out for him, OK?
(WHISPERED)
Hurry up, hurry up.
All right.
Bye.
What?
- Oh, man.
Oh, man.
It was awesome.
Hey it reminds of that
movie where that lady hung
out with the gorillas, but they
accept her as one of their own.
Oh, cool.
Yeah.
What do they talk about?
Well, OK, the head
gorilla, OK, he's
like stand around telling
these sex stories.
And the less dominant
gorillas are just
standing around believing it.
So what's so new about that?
Well, I think I finally
figured out why they do it.
Do
Oh, do tell.
Well, it's like, if one
of them actually has sex,
then it seems like maybe the
rest of them have a chance too.
Oh.
So you think that's it, huh?
Oh, yeah.
It gives them a feeling
of hope and pride.
[laughing]
Hey, order me another beer.
I'll be right back.
Why where are you going?
- I'm going to the men's room.
- No.
Don't-- Roseanne,
please don't do it.
Please don't do anything.
Don't do it.
No, come on.
Come on.
I'm just going to go
update your phone number.
God it stinks in here.
[music playing]
[screaming]
Give me a break.
How are you
doing, Mr. Thompson?
Hi, girls.
[laughing]
Gah.
This was even lamer
than last year.
Yeah.
But you see that Freddy
Krueger guy checking me out?
Beck-head, there were
19 Freddy Kruegers?
Which one were you referring to?
The cute one.
[laughing]
This is just great.
Yo, Dan.
Hey.
- Yeah.
- Rosie called.
Her car broke down.
She and Jackie are
stuck at The Low Boy.
And they need you
to pick them up.
Aw, man.
That stupid car.
Hey, Arn.
Yo.
I-- Who are you
supposed to be?
Pfft.
[laughing]
I'm Elvis' ghost, man.
Listen, um, let's
go pick up your mom.
Where's DJ.
Last time I saw him
he was in the chamber
of everlasting horror.
Yeah, whining about
that stupid broom.
Oh, jeez.
You guys wait here, OK?
DJ.
DJ?
[grunting]
Hey, Jimmy.
You seen DJ?
Nah, Dan, I haven't seen him.
DJ?
[howling]
Hey, Andy.
You seen my boy?
He's dressed up like a wi--
wizard.
Give it up, Dan.
The kid's a witch.
- Andy, Andy.
- What?
You've got three boys.
This is just a phase, right?
Oh, yeah.
Kid hits a certain age,
he does some weird stuff.
You know what I mean?
- Yeah.
I think DJ's hiding from me.
I probably traumatized.
Poor kid.
All he wanted was a broom
so he could pretend to fly.
That probably means he
wants to be a pilot, right?
Dan, Dan, Dan.
You can't go turning everything
a kid does into a career.
All right?
Believe me.
It means more to you
than it does to him.
But if he keeps this up
some kid's going to come along
and deck him.
Come on, we were
kids, we survived.
Look at us now.
DJ: Dad!
[creaking]
DJ?
Dad?
DJ.
Where you been, boy?
Scaring people.
Yeah.
Well you scared
the heck out of me,
I didn't know where you were.
You mad at me?
Nah.
All right.
Let's go get your broom.
[laughing]
Yeah, every time my
old lady starts giving me
that crap about men women being
equal, see I just tell her,
you're so equal?
Well, let's see you
pee out a camp fire.
[laughing]
Hey, uh, Bob.
Looks like your old lady
just found a new fireman.
Yeah, well, uh, we got
an open relationship, see.
That cause you can't
keep her in line?
Well, it's hard to control
a woman who ain't inflatable.
[laughing]
[coughing]
Yo, bitch.
You are making me look bad
in front of the other guys.
Uh, hey, I don't see
any ring on this finger.
Hi Jackie.
Crystal?
What are you doing here?
I'm here to drown my sorrows.
Willy, get me a pink squirrel,
and keep them coming.
I just had a terrible date
and it's all my fault.
I could have ordered
the chicken, which
was reasonably priced but no.
I had to have the surf
and turf, which clearly
signaled I owed him something.
And then when I was not
accommodating he dumped me.
Well, could you stop blaming
yourself for everything?
You got a right to
eat without letting
some guy put you on the menu.
You're better than that Crystal.
Really?
Yes, really.
You are a quality woman.
And you've got to keep
telling yourself that
and stop judging yourself
according to what men think.
What's your name?
[laughing]
Don't you recognize me?
Well, refresh my memory.
Where might we have met.
At Roseanne's house.
Roseanne?
Trick or treat.
Well-- Well, of course
I knew it was you.
No you did not.
I was playing along.
No.
You were ready to sleep with me.
Well, I was going to make
you buy me dinner first.
[laughing]
Hello, girls.
Bob.
Hey, of course you ladies
recognize Warren Beatty.
Want to dance?
I'm talking with my friends.
Maybe some other time.
What, you'd rather sit there
with Burl Ives than dance
with me?
Come on, let's dance.
No, thank you.
Well I'm not going to bit
you, unless you want me to.
Oh, oh, hardi-har-har.
Hey, nobody's talking to you.
Come on.
Let's dance.
- No leave her alone.
- Well I-- it's all right.
I'll dance with him.
- You will not.
Just sit down!
You know, I'm sick to
you, you've been in my face
all night.
Look, why don't
you just take a hike.
Yeah, who's going to make me?
Oh yeah, that's real grown up.
Fight about it.
Fine with me.
Come on fat boy,
let's take it outside.
Well she-- she started it.
OK.
I have to tell you something.
I'm a woman.
Yeah, you're going to be
when I get done with you.
Hey!
Leave him alone.
What's it to you?
He's my husband.
What?
You heard me.
Anybody that messes with
him, messes with me.
[laughing]
Would you want to mess with me?
No way.
Oh, my hero.
Oh here's a real man for you.
[spitting]
That beard kind of tickles.
Bada boom, bada bing.
[laughing]
[music playing]
[applause]
[high pitched humming]
Hey, quite breathing on me.
I ain't breathing on you.
Neh.
What was that for?
Quit slobbering
on me, would you?
Oh, yeah I--
[grunting]
[barking]
[applause]
[high pitched humming]
[screaming]
Hey, Andie.
Hey, Dan.
[high pitched humming]